README.md, before:

WOLFGANG - Petri Net Editor
===========================

### About

Wolfgang is a lightweight tool that allows users to easily create and edit Petri nets and check them against general and workflow specific net properties. Specifically, Wolfgang supports full PNML conform editing functionality of Place-Transition Nets (P/T-Nets) and Colored Petri Nets (CPN) as they are defined in the [SEPIA](https://github.com/iig-uni-freiburg/SEPIA) library. Its simple and easy to use interface allows to quickly create Petri nets from scratch, edit them graphically in many ways, store and even export them as PDFs.Use Wolfgang to smoothly create the Petri net you want!

### Library Dependencies

Wolfgang builds upon the following tools and encloses them.

* TOVAL, located at [https://github.com/GerdHolz/TOVAL](https://github.com/GerdHolz/TOVAL "TOVAL: Tom's Java Library")
* JAGAL, located at [https://github.com/iig-uni-freiburg/JAGAL](https://github.com/iig-uni-freiburg/JAGAL "JAGAL: Java Graph Library")
* SEWOL, located at [https://github.com/iig-uni-freiburg/SEWOL](https://github.com/iig-uni-freiburg/SEWOL "SEWOL: Security Workflow Library")
* SEPIA, located at [https://github.com/iig-uni-freiburg/SEPIA](https://github.com/iig-uni-freiburg/SEPIA "SEPIA: Security-oriented PN Framework")

### Documentation

A detailled documentation of Wolfgang can be found under [http://doku.telematik.uni-freiburg.de/wolfgang](http://doku.telematik.uni-freiburg.de/wolfgang "http://doku.telematik.uni-freiburg.de/wolfgang").

Commit message:

set version to 1.0.0 and added release information to readme

README.md, after:

WOLFGANG - Petri Net Editor
===========================

### About

Wolfgang is a lightweight tool that allows users to easily create and edit Petri nets and check them against general and workflow specific net properties. Specifically, Wolfgang supports full PNML conform editing functionality of Place-Transition Nets (P/T-Nets) and Colored Petri Nets (CPN) as they are defined in the [SEPIA](https://github.com/iig-uni-freiburg/SEPIA) library. Its simple and easy to use interface allows to quickly create Petri nets from scratch, edit them graphically in many ways, store and even export them as PDFs.Use Wolfgang to smoothly create the Petri net you want!

### Latest Release

The most recent release is WOLFGANG 1.0.0, released July 30, 2015.

* Windows: [wolfgang-1.0.0.exe](https://github.com/iig-uni-freiburg/WOLFGANG/releases/download/v1.0.0/wolfgang-1.0.0.exe)
* Mac OS X: [wolfgang-1.0.0.dmg](https://github.com/iig-uni-freiburg/WOLFGANG/releases/download/v1.0.0/wolfgang-1.0.0.dmg)
* Debian/Ubuntu: [wolfgang-1.0.0.deb](https://github.com/iig-uni-freiburg/WOLFGANG/releases/download/v1.0.0/wolfgang-1.0.0.deb)
* Runnable JAR: [wolfgang-1.0.0.jar](https://github.com/iig-uni-freiburg/WOLFGANG/releases/download/v1.0.0/wolfgang-1.0.0.jar)

Wolfgang needs a JRE 1.8 installation to run.

Older releases can be found under [https://github.com/iig-uni-freiburg/WOLFGANG/releases](https://github.com/iig-uni-freiburg/WOLFGANG/releases).

### Dependencies

Wolfgang builds upon the following tools and encloses them.

* TOVAL, located at [https://github.com/GerdHolz/TOVAL](https://github.com/GerdHolz/TOVAL "TOVAL: Tom's Java Library")
* JAGAL, located at [https://github.com/iig-uni-freiburg/JAGAL](https://github.com/iig-uni-freiburg/JAGAL "JAGAL: Java Graph Library")
* SEWOL, located at [https://github.com/iig-uni-freiburg/SEWOL](https://github.com/iig-uni-freiburg/SEWOL "SEWOL: Security Workflow Library")
* SEPIA, located at [https://github.com/iig-uni-freiburg/SEPIA](https://github.com/iig-uni-freiburg/SEPIA "SEPIA: Security-oriented PN Framework")

### Documentation

A detailled documentation of Wolfgang can be found under [http://doku.telematik.uni-freiburg.de/wolfgang](http://doku.telematik.uni-freiburg.de/wolfgang).
